# Our Funding Manager: ASCRES/The GRAPH Network

Open Research Network (ORN) is proud to be in partnership with ASCRES/The GRAPH
Network, an esteemed organization dedicated to fostering research and
development across various domains. Acting as our Funding Manager, ASCRES/The
GRAPH Network plays a crucial role in the financial management of our projects,
enabling us to focus on what we do best: driving innovation and collaboration in
open science.

## Financial Representation and Support

The GRAPH Network operates under the legal representation of ASCRES, which
serves as the legal entity managing our financial responsibilities. This
partnership simplifies the complex bureaucracy often associated with managing
funds and paying collaborators, allowing ORN to devote more energy towards our
projects and community initiatives.

## Financial Management and Fees

A crucial aspect of our collaboration involves the financial management of
incoming funds for projects. To ensure the smooth operation of this process,
ASCRES/The GRAPH Network charges a fixed fee of 30% of the incoming funds. This
fee covers the costs associated with bureaucratic tasks, including legal fees
and personnel involved in managing these operations.

In addition to the fiscal management fee, ORN also allocates a 30% fee from
incoming funds to support our ongoing operations, including server maintenance,
domain registration, and funding new initiatives. While the majority of our
contributors currently volunteer their time and expertise, our goal is to move
towards compensating all individuals involved in our projects. Although these
fees may seem substantial, they are essential for maintaining the entire
workflow designed to support all projects under the ORN umbrella. This includes
providing services to help contributors, improving guidelines, creating courses,
improving materials, and more.

## Requirements for Grant Proposal or Funding Requests

In any grant proposal or funding request, it is essential to explicitly mention
ASCRES/The GRAPH Network to ensure the proper receipt and management of funds.
This also guarantees that all parties involved are acknowledged and supported
throughout the process. Collaborators who will be paid from the funds via
ASCRES/The GRAPH Network should have their roles described as independent
consultants.

## Looking Ahead

Our collaboration with The GRAPH Network and ASCRES is more than just a funding
management sponsorship; it's a partnership that empowers us to achieve our
mission of promoting open science and technology. As we continue to grow and
support more projects, we are grateful for the stability and support that The
GRAPH Network provides. Together, we are making strides towards a future where
open science can flourish, thanks to the dedication and hard work of everyone
involved.
