---
title: Open Research Network
authors:
  - ORN Team
date: 2023-10-30
template: main.html
---

# Affiliations

Our affiliations are designed to foster a vibrant community of researchers,
organizations, and partners dedicated to advancing the frontiers of knowledge.
By affiliating with us, members join a network committed to the promotion of
open research, collaboration, and the exchange of ideas across various
disciplines. We offer three types of affiliations: Member Affiliation,
Organization Affiliation, and Partnership. Each category is tailored to meet the
diverse needs and contributions of our community members.

## Member Affiliation

Member Affiliation is open to researchers, educators, and professionals who wish
to engage with our network on a personal level. This affiliation provides access
to our resources, events, and a platform for individuals to share their
research, collaborate with peers, and contribute to the collective advancement
of knowledge. Individual Affiliates benefit from networking opportunities,
access to exclusive content, and the ability to participate in community-driven
projects.

## Organization Affiliation

Organization Affiliation is designed for research institutions, academic
departments, non-profits, and other entities that aim to align with our mission
of promoting open and collaborative research. By becoming an Organization
Affiliate, entities can showcase their commitment to advancing research, share
their achievements and initiatives with a broader audience, and collaborate on
projects that complement their goals. Benefits include visibility within our
network, opportunities for joint events, and a platform for sharing resources
and findings with the community.

## Partnership

The Partnership Affiliation with ORN offers businesses and organizations an
opportunity to engage directly with the forefront of open research and
innovation. This strategic alliance is designed to mutually benefit both our
partners and the ORN community by providing services, tools, and opportunities
that support the advancement of open science. Partners can leverage ORNâ€™s
network to showcase their services, contributing to a rich ecosystem of
resources that empower scientific research and development. This collaboration
not only enhances the partner's visibility within a vibrant community focused on
research and innovation, that also aligns with a commitment to fostering open
and accessible research.

## Conclusion

We welcome all who are committed to the principles of open research and
collaboration to join us as we work together to advance knowledge and
innovation. Whether you are an individual looking to connect with like-minded
peers, an organization aiming to highlight your research endeavors, or a
potential partner interested in shaping the future of open research, we have an
affiliation option to suit your objectives. Join us in our mission to create a
more open, collaborative, and innovative research community.
