# About the Open Research Network (ORN)

## Mission

At the heart of ORN is our commitment to fostering a global community of
collaboration. Originating from the Open Science Labs community, we unite
scientists, researchers, educators, and students from various disciplines. Our
aim is to streamline the research process by sharing infrastructure and
resources, enhancing workflows with AI and Data Science, and promoting
collaborative research ventures across both academic and private sectors.

## Support

The foundation of our efforts is reinforced by the Open Science Labs Programs,
including Incubator, Internship, and Learning Programs, complemented by the
partnership with The GRAPH Network. This alliance enables us to focus on our
strategic vision, propelling us towards our objectives with clarity and purpose.

## ORN Space

A cornerstone of ORN, ORN Space serves as a digital meeting ground, fostering
communication and collaboration. Here, members can access a plethora of
resources ranging from job listings to platforms for sharing research findings
and opportunities for collaboration. This digital plaza is designed to support
our community's dynamic needs, enabling seamless exchange of ideas and
resources.

## Beyond Competition

We champion the idea that collective endeavor can transcend the traditional
boundaries of scientific research. By pooling our resources and knowledge, we
not only overcome limitations but also create an ecosystem where open-source
solutions thrive, reducing dependencies on proprietary resources.

## Join Us

ORN is an open invitation to individuals and organizations eager to contribute
to the noble cause of advancing science and research teams using open practices.
We offer various pathways for engagement, aiming to make research more
inclusive, ethical, and impactful.

## Vision

Our success is defined by a culture of open collaboration, continuous
innovation, and a commitment to ethical practices. We envision a future where
the Open Research Network stands as a beacon for open practices, driving forward
the frontiers of research for the betterment of society.

## Partnerships and Affiliations

We warmly invite entities and individuals to join us in this endeavor. Whether
through providing services, sharing expertise, or engaging in collaborative
projects, your contribution is a step towards a more open, accessible, and
collaborative scientific community.
